# Final Reflection
  With the rapid development of the human society, complex systems and problems along with them emerge every day around us. In addition, the advent of new technologies allows us to discover the universe and more obscure phenomenon closely. At the same time, the developments bring unsolved puzzles to us. Generally, the advent of data science provides us with an entrance to the inner parts of those complex systems. By gathering data and change it into useful measurements, with the support of certain “Big Theory,” for analysis can we better understand the “puzzles.”   
  
  Sinan Aral gives us a simple but insightful statement: Revolutions in science have often been preceded by revolutions in measurement. Just think of how the advent of extremely small measurement, such as quark, or extremely large scale, such as light year, symbolizes a revolutionary moment in physics, the revolutions in measurement do promote technology developments. If we could successfully measure things around us, we are able to generate tremendous amount of data, and data science is undoubtedly a powerful tool for facilitating us to understand the world. 
  
  More important is how data constructs the world around us and how “scale” can help us to better understand the complex world around, providing us a better way of using data. As West has addressed that “Data provide the basis for constructing, testing, and refining our theories and models whether they seek to explain the origins of the universe, the nature of evolutionary processes, or the growth of the economy.”  As a result, extracting data is the first step towards understanding a complex system and finding a way to appropriately analyze or utilize it is the second step. 
  
  Owen Barder presents how complicated a system could be and he indicates that economic systems are more complex than we think. Besides, he also uses the toaster project to shows that even a simple object like a toaster could be separated into a lot of trivial parts, not to mention something more obscure such as human development or economic systems. As he said, “economic systems are not like evolutionary systems, they are evolutionary systems.” We should adjust measures to systems with different features. Therefore, one universal model or theory is not enough to support the use of data science.
  
  Data and data science is everywhere around us. It is obvious that although business and companies can find values out of data science for profit making, which provides us some insightful thoughts towards individuals and the society. For instance, data is usually collected for analyzing user behaviors. Besides, people utilize data science for stock market predicting. Although these functions of data science may seem money-worshipping at first, they do enable some comprehensive understandings towards the society developments. For example, an increase in the consumption of smart phones may indicate an increase in citizens’ incomes. While the purchasing power and consumer preference in towns and cities also vary. According to Aral, “Revolutions in science have often been preceded by revolutions in measurement.” Since companies are profit driven, they are likely to invest in data collecting and thus promote our ability to collect data. 
  At last, we should be aware of that although data has those beneficial, they could be inaccurate or even misleading sometimes. For instance, it is hard to generate credible or sufficient data from less developed areas and thus we might overgeneralize the conditions. Besides, applying a unprecise analysis towards data could also lead to fallacy in policy making, which could create harms to individual human beings. However, data or data science is not the one we should blame for. Instead, those potential problems make us consider more effective and efficient ways of applying data. Certainly, data science is a strong weapon for improving human life and experiences in the future. With more and more people knowing data science and with the increasing implementation of it can we improve the Big Theory behind Big Data. At the same time, the developments in different sectors of our society will promote our understanding towards data and thus promote the development of data science. Data science is a subject on its own; while it is also an interdisciplinary subject, integrating knowledge in various areas of study. In short, there is still huge potential in data science, as it offers us a chance to view both from the outside and the inside of a complex system. It will benefit the society as a whole, and also every individual within a complex system.  
